Create rule S6588: Use `UnixEpoch` instead of creating DateTime instances that point to the unix epoch time (#1747)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6588/why.adoc

> Using the `UnixEpoch` property of `DateTime` or `DateTimeOffset` clearly states that the intention was to use the Unix epoch time and will not create confusion why the date was set to January the first of 1970.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `UnixEpoch` property of `DateTime` or `DateTimeOffset` clearly states that the intention is to use the beginning of the Unix epoch.
```

> Using the `UnixEpoch` property of `DateTime` or `DateTimeOffset` clearly states that the intention was to use the Unix epoch time and will not create confusion why the date was set to January the first of 1970.

Reviewer 2: Should we mention also that `UnixEpoch` applies from .NET Core/Standard 2.1? Other fields like `MaxValue` or `MinValue` starts from 1.0. At least it should be considered during the implementation not to raise unfixable issues.
